Whatsapp integration (#2335)
agno-agi/agno: cookbook/examples/apps/whatsapp_chat_agent/readme.md

# WhatsApp Chat Agent with Stock Market Insights

This is a WhatsApp chatbot that provides stock market insights and financial advice using the WhatsApp Business API. The bot is built using FastAPI and can be run locally using ngrok for development and testing.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.7+
- ngrok account (free tier works fine)
- WhatsApp Business API access
- Meta Developer account
- OpenAI API key

## Setup Instructions

1. **Install Dependencies**

```bash

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: Please add the requirements.in and the generate_requirements script like we have with other apps

```

> 2. **Set up ngrok**

Reviewer: Maybe explain why ngrok is needed here? I know, but for users.

   - Download and install ngrok from https://ngrok.com/download

>    - Sign up for a free account and get your authtoken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Sign up for a free account and get your auth-token
```

   - Authenticate ngrok with your token:
     ```bash
     ngrok config add-authtoken YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN
     ```

3. **Create a Meta Developer Account**

   - Go to https://developers.facebook.com/
   - Create a new app
   - Set up WhatsApp in your app
   - Get your WhatsApp Business Account ID and Phone Number ID

4. **Environment Variables**

>    Create a `.env` file in the project root with the following variables:

Reviewer: We generally prefer a `.envrc` file with `export` commands.

OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
```

## Running the Application

1. **Start the FastAPI server**

```bash
python whatsapp_chat_agent.py
```

2. **Start ngrok**
   In a new terminal window:

```bash
ngrok http 8000
```

3. **Configure Webhook**
   - Copy the HTTPS URL provided by ngrok (e.g., https://xxxx-xx-xx-xxx-xx.ngrok.io)
   - Go to your Meta Developer Portal
   - Set up Webhooks for your WhatsApp Business Account
   - Use the ngrok URL + "/webhook" as your Callback URL
   - Use your WHATSAPP_VERIFY_TOKEN as the Verify Token
   - Subscribe to the messages webhook

## Testing the Bot

1. Send a message to your WhatsApp Business number
2. The bot should respond with stock market insights based on your query
3. You can ask questions about:
   - Stock prices
   - Company information
   - Analyst recommendations
   - Stock fundamentals
   - Historical prices
   - Company news

## Troubleshooting

- Make sure all environment variables are properly set
- Check the FastAPI logs for any errors
- Verify that ngrok is running and the webhook URL is correctly configured
- Ensure your WhatsApp Business API is properly set up and the phone number is verified

## Important Notes

> - The ngrok URL changes every time you restart ngrok (unless you have a paid account)

Reviewer: I could create a static URL without paying? But that was a while ago

Author: yeah, you can. 

this is cursor written, i will change it soon.
